Add back browser CJS build as ./dist/index.browser.cjs.js. (#5245)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: .changeset/gorgeous-balloons-confess.md

---
"@firebase/storage": patch
---

> Add back browser CJS build as ./dist/index.browser.cjs.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a browser CJS build as ./dist/index.browser.cjs.js.
```
